---
title: Pitstop
navid: pitstop
---

Roadtrips suck to plan. Being in the car for 15 hours can turn any decent person into a cranky, sweaty mess that wants nothing more to just [get the hell away from their friend](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KAWoP1kncRE). What's more is that you hardly ever get to have any fun along the way! It's all about getting to the end of the trip and being at your vacation spot. But that's kinda lame, isn't it? Why don't we stop and do more along the way? Oh, because we'd have to plan all of it. Gross.

But for a while now, we've had these nifty things called GPS and mobile data that let us tell anyone we want where we are, and get the information we need, wherever we may be. Our phones make great use of these two technologies, but so far, cars don't. Vehicles seem to be a pretty untapped market for technology, in general. It's true that a lot of people couldn't be bothered to install apps for their car, and for a while, I thought I was probably one of those poeple - shit, I'm just trying to drive! I don't need anything else going on.

But think about it: what if there were an application *in your car* that gave you recommendations about stops to make along the route of your roadtrip? You put in the start and the endpoint, and it could help you come up with a cool roadtrip that has fun stops along the way (including gas stops, places for rest, etc). It'd require a couple different resources (GPS and mobile data) to be able to give you suggestions - unless you allowed the app to route it beforehand and just use your house's WiFi network, which would also be pretty cool.