---
layout: post
assetpath: post
title: Trippin'
navid: trippin
---

[Google Glass](http://www.google.com/glass/start/) is ... interesting. It's a cool concept: it does a lot of the things your phone would normally do for you, like tell you the weather, give you calendar reminders, update you on the score of the latest sports event that you may or may not care about - the list goes on. But there are a couple of things that keep people from using it:

1. It's really expensive, at about $1,500.
2. It looks [ridiculous](http://images.seroundtable.com/five-google-glass-1368100141.jpg). The critical mass it would need for it to sell like wildfire just isn't there, and I don't think it will be anytime soon. People don't give two shits about something that does something their phone already does if it doesn't do it in style. And Google Glass, as much as I appreciate its purpose, doesn't.

But what if you had all of those perks - what if you could see new notifications and things of interest like that - without having to basically wear a projector over your eye? What if you just *thought* it? Scary, I know. Google having access to your thoughts? That sounds pretty weird, and in all reality, it would probably be pretty terrifying. But the idea of being able to just think "I wonder how cold it is outside" and basically *hallucinate* the answer. Whoa. This idea is clearly not feasible in the present day, but the idea of an implant that gives you this kind of ability came to me the other day, and I thought I should jot it down.